So we're gonna do a little
bit of practice now.
So inside, there's two different
ways we're gonna approach practices
going forward.
And so inside of the repo that we have for
the production grade view,
we have a dynamic cutting
component inside of there.
And we're gonna want to rewrite
that using the render function, so
I'll preface with that in a second.
And then the other thing we
can do is gonna go ahead and
refactor our app styles, to use
a CSS class and CSS modules as well.
However, I know a lot of us here
are probably experienced with view at
this point.
So, I want to go ahead and take a look
around your components inside of
your application and see if there are any
components that might benefit from either
using the render method for example.
Or take this opportunity to then
refactor your component and
give CSS modules a chance and see how
that works out for your application.
As I mentioned earlier, there are times
when it comes to template and
render functions that managing
everything in template can be well,
while declarative can be
rather tedious to maintain.
So here, a common example that you use
is the dynamic heading example where
depending on where the content is
used inside of the markup, right?
We want it to be accessible use the right
structure, but this means you need to be
able to programmatically say
is this an h1, h2 or h3.
If you were to do this with a template
you'd have to as you can see, do the if,
else if, and it's very verbose and
not to mention we have a lot
of duplication here, right?
We have Hello Friend Masters
done six times.
And so
what I want you to do is go ahead and
use a render function to achieve the same
effect, but with a lot less code.
And so just as a reminder, the codebase
that you're providing is in view three, so
that way you all can practice basically
using view3 techniques in order to do
these things.
So, as far as the code base goes,
what we have in here is a standard view
cli application that's been scaffolded
with the view three preview.
And so in the next section, we talked
about view three, I'll go ahead and
walk through how that was created,
in case there are people
who haven't used it before.
But as we can see here, what you mainly
need to focus on here is that we have our
app dot view component, which contains our
main entry point into the application.
And so here is where we can
see our dynamic heading
component being imported and
being registered on to our default object.
And then this is where our styles
are that we'll be refactoring to use CSS
modules just for practice sake.